# Introduction
Parkinson's disease prediction by applying Exploratory Data Analytics various AI and Machine Learning Techniques. We have adopted a progressive model to study and make better predictions at our dataset. In this model, first we will work upon feature extraction and explore various techniques only to get the best set of features. This will be decided by taking different set of features and using them with a set of classification algorithms like Naïve Bayes, SVM et cetera. After getting the best accuracy from this stage, which will also mark a threshold for next phase, we will use more advanced algorithms like Neural Networks, Random Forest and AutoML. Finally we conclude with which set of algorithms are more effective in making accurate predictions.

We will be using Python as a programming language for implementation of our project. Jupyter Notebook Python 3.7.4 will be used as editor. We have fetched the data from data.world. The dataset was created by Max Little of the University of Oxford, in collaboration with the National Centre for Voice and Speech, Denver, Colorado. Biomedical voice measurements from 31 people with and without PD. Around six recordings per patient. Number of Attributes: 23 and Number of Instances: 197.  

# Conclusion

After performing different feature selection techniques and applying classification algorithms, we were able to set a threshold for optimal performance over the existing dataset. We knew what we could expect from our more advanced algorithms: Neural networks, Random Forests and AutoML. Neural network is implemented using SKLearn's MLPClassifier library and is performing with 93.2% accuracy. Random Forest is implemented using SKLearn's RandomForestClassifier and is performing with 91.5% accuracy. We have used H2o library to implement AutoML. For now, we are letting the algorithm wait for 900 seconds (15 minutes) to decide upon the best features and finish its preprocessing. After the completion of 15 minutes, the library itself throws a list of best features and learning algorithm it thought would best fit the dataset. With the outcome of learning models, we used in our last phase, we feel confident in presenting our Parkinson's Disease prediction project with the confidence that unsupervised learning algorithms are proving better even on smaller dataset with limited number of features.
